This next exercise, you'll actually be defining the second function,
it's like a helper function for a segment plane,
and it's separating Point Clouds.
This is the results that we want to get from this.
Here, we're looking at that Point Cloud data that we
generated from the simulation environment in the previous lesson,
but now, we're actually able to segment it.
We are able to label the points that belong to the road,
and then all other points,
and road points are not going to be obstacles,
so we can just throw them out when we're doing
our point processing and looking for obstacles later on.
These red points here actually are obstacles, and here,
they represent the cars in our virtual highway environment.
So this next part is going to allow us to get these results,
and you'll be able to render this yourself in just a little bit here.
Next, we're going to be filling in the separate Cloud function in the point processor.
So in that function,
we can go over to it here in a second,
but we're going to be creating two new Point Clouds,
and this is going to be the plane that the road Point Cloud,
and then it's going to be the obstacle Point Cloud,
and the road points are the same as the inliers,
that's because the inliers represent all the indices of points that belong to the plane,
that plane is the road,
and we can look at the documentation again,
and actually use this PCL extract to create the obstacle Point Cloud from the inliers.
So that's an interesting way that utilizes PCL method.
There's actually many ways that wouldn't go about this,
we actually don't have to use this extract method all,
it's totally up to you.
One last thing is we'll be rendering the two Point Clouds.
So back after you fill in the separate Point Clouds function,
then you're ready to call that function,
you're ready to call segment plane,
it has everything it needs back in an environment.CPP,
and you'll get your pair of Point Clouds,
you'll get the obstacle Point Cloud and you will get the plane Point Cloud,
and you can then render those in your PCL viewer,
and get that image that we were just looking at.